Artificial Intelligence (Columbia University) - free
Machine Learning (Columbia University) - free
Machine Learning (Stanford University) - free
Neural Networks for Machine Learning (University of Toronto) - free. Also available on YouTube as a playlist. #This course is no longer available on Coursera.
Deep Learning Specialization (by Andrew Ng, deeplearning.ai) - Courses: I Neural Networks and Deep Learning; II Improving Deep Neural Networks: Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization; III Structuring Machine Learning Projects; IV Convolutional Neural Networks; V Sequence Models; Paid for grading/certification, financial aid available, free to audit
Deep Learning Nano Degree on Udacity - $
Intro to Deep Learning (MIT)
Stanford's CS20 Tensorflow for Deep Learning Research
fast.ai - deep learning MOOC
Full-Stack Deep Learning
Amazon's MLU-Explain - Visual, Interactive Explanations of Core Machine Learning Concepts
Machine Learning Specialization (University of Washington) - Courses: Machine Learning Foundations: A Case Study Approach, Machine Learning: Regression, Machine Learning: Classification, Machine Learning: Clustering & Retrieval, Machine Learning: Recommender Systems & Dimensionality Reduction,Machine Learning Capstone: An Intelligent Application with Deep Learning; free
Machine Learning Course (2014-15 session) (by Nando de Freitas, University of Oxford) - Lecture slides and video recordings.
Learning from Data (by Yaser S. Abu-Mostafa, Caltech) - Lecture videos available
Intro to Machine Learning - free
Probabilistic Graphical Models (by Prof. Daphne Koller, Stanford) Coursera Specialization
Reinforcement Learning Course (by David Silver, DeepMind) - YouTube playlist and lecture slides.
Keras in Motion $
Stanford's CS231n: CNNs for Visual Recognition - Spring 2017 iteration, instructors (Fei-Fei Li, Justin Johnson, Serena Yeung), or Winter 2016 edition instructors (Fei-Fei Li, Andrej Karpathy, Justin Johnson). Course website has supporting material.
University of California, Berkeley's CS294: Deep Reinforcement Learning - Fall 2017 edition. Course website has lecture slides and other related material.
Machine Learning (Georgia Tech) on Udacity - free
Reinforcement Learning (Georgia Tech) on Udacity - free
Machine Learning for Trading - free
Mining of Massive Datasets (YouTube playlist) - Course website has info about accompanying book, free chapters, and Stanford's MOOC
Machine Learning Crash Course (Google) - free
Machine Learning Mini Bootcamp Course (LambdaSchool) - free and $
Microsoft Professional Program for Artificial Intelligence - free
Open Machine Learning Course with articles on Medium
Machine Learning A-Z (Udemy) - Hands-On Python & R In Data Science
Deep Learning Crash Course - $
Reinforcement Learning in Motion - $
Udemy A-Z Machine learning course - $
Statistics and Probability-Khan Academy - free
Math and Architectures of Deep Learning - $
Deep Learning with Python, Second Edition - $
Transfer Learning for Natural Language Processing - $
Grokking Artificial Intelligence Algorithms - $
Learn ML from experts at Google - free
Kaggle courses on ML,AI and DS(certificate) - free
Ml with python(Cognitive classes) - free
Intro to Data science(Cognitive classes) - free
Machine Learning for Business - $
Transfer Learning for Natural Language Processing - $
In-depth introduction to machine learning in 15 hours of expert videos (by Prof. Trevor Hastie, Prof. Rob Tibshirani, Stanford) - free
Data Scientist in Python (Dataquest) - free and $
AI Expert Roadmap - Roadmap to becoming an Artificial Intelligence Expert - free
Semi-Supervised Deep Learning with GANs for Melanoma Detection - $
Interpretable AI - $
Deploying a Deep Learning Model on Web and Mobile Applications Using TensorFlow - $ Hands-on project
Complete Data Science and ML Course - $
ML Observability Fundamentals - free
